only use one candle to trade every single day and it made me over $100,000 in a single month. But unlike most traders, I didn't use the higher time frames or complicated strategies. I just followed this one simple and repeatable method that takes less than an hour of work every single day. Here is how it works. First, you're going to mark the high and the low of the 5-minute candle that forms between 9:30 and 9:35 a.m. Then, drop down to the 1 minute chart and look for a break. Now, to confirm a good break, you need a specific type of behavior. And no, it is not just a candle closure, and it's most certainly not just a wick. What you're looking for is called a fair value gap. And this shows us that either buyers or sellers are taking control, and we want to be on the right side of the market. Once this happens, you enter the trade and you put your stop loss at the first candle that closed outside the range. And as for our target, you just use a fixed 2:1 risk-to-reward. Then repeat this every single day. If it works so well and is 100% mechanical, why not turn this into a fully automatic trading robot? And as you can see, that is what we've done. Here's the range Casper was talking about. Here's the fair value gap. Here's the fixed stop-loss and take profit that Casper also talks about. And as you can see, the bot is signaling us to get in here and exit here. Let me just play this so you can see exactly how this is printing. As you can see, this is 100% automated. Now, of course, let's go into strategy tester and take a look at the results. Now, as you can see, these results just really aren't good at all. So, let's reoptimize this using Python and see what other results that we can get. After reoptimizing the code into Python, we were able to get four new versions. Let's take a look at some of the results. Here is one of the variations that is going crazy right now. 75% win rate over the course of 888 trades, 13% max draw down, and just over a 100% return. If you want access to this reoptimized version, DM us orb and we'll send you a link.